Don’t call inactive ticket provider’s class functions (#1682)
moderntribe/event-tickets: readme.txt

* Feature - For the `[tribe-user-event-confirmations]` shortcode, link to both the event and the direct My Tickets page. [ET-792]
* Fix - Resolve a PHP notice when rendering the Event Tickets Plus field for Birth date [ETP-330]
* Tweak - Add hook to ticket email template to allow injecting content between ticket details and organizers. [ET-844]

> * Tweak - Add `tribe_tickets_is_provider_active()` so any ticket found in the database can first check its Provider type before calling its functions. For example, if a WooCommerce Ticket was sold in the past but Event Tickets Plus is currently inactive, this would return false. [ET-843]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Add `tribe_tickets_is_provider_active()` template function so before using any ticket found in the database we can more easily check if the ticket's commerce provider is currently active. [ET-843]
```

Author: implemented in replacement PR
